commission for June
3r 2024
I wanted to add a discussion about
chairman maybe at the end of
this meeting other business oh
yeah
okay roll call let's do roll call we
start with you J go I'm here J's
here are you here I'm here
J's here B's here J's here Tim's here
Tim's here
okayed
Smith
right let's see think we can just jump
right right over number three changes in
the order
agenda do you want any you wanted to add
talking about yeah I wanted to add a
discussion about chairman but that would
be down at the other business I think
okay number nine you want 9A you have
motion to make add 9A oh okay make a
motion to add 9A for
discussion thank you all right a
discussion on chairman
yeah we got a vot and I only bring that
up because so Faithfully points out when
I forget to do
that sometimes I yeah I have to go back
and listen I'm like was I hear anything
or let's vot all in favor say
I um now minut um
I read through those minutes
and I swear again uh it was 8B there um
I think it's the
wrong
road the wrong the um in the agent
report yeah I remember I thought I
brought I mixed it up I yeah I remember
we talked about it was uh but it's still
that way in the minute oh maybe I didn't
write it
yeah yeah
bur
yeah yeah so it should be bunker
hill correct
yeah yeah sometimes I just copy the
agenda and like do the minutes from
there so okay I can face
that we also to note that Ed Smith and
Brad were missing from last meeting
in addition
to public here and he's got his own
business
uh okay
[Music]
um do we approve a
minute oh did we approve the minutes
I'll minutes with the change I'll
second
all okay now we're back to Old business
uh permit
application
IWC
243 Timothy White 101 Ro um did you want
to add anything to talk about no I just
uh you know talked to him VI email and
he said you know if to account come get
you guys any other questions I mean
right I think I I made it pretty clear
you know I just wanted to you w
here I would take long I'm working
anyway okay but no I mean I'll wait
until it's dry with you let you know
when I'm going to do it and we get it
done in the day and restore it so there
won't be
any issues I think in general it would
be a good idea anyway what if somebody
did come to the meeting that wanted talk
because it still hasn't been food
exactly if somebody happen to come in
meeting
like and start having a bunch of
questions no that's why my time here is
well spent right it could have happened
and I was think about that you ask if
you think we he get put off another one
right I had a little bit of a an issue
with it myself personally because I
thought about it after and uh I went
over and see took a look at know the
water pool of water and that looks like
it was built
purposefully doing like a big catch face
but they they forgot the Overflow
because typically that's the way you
build those things instead of just
letting flow you know detention P has an
overflow right right
so I don't know if you like look at a
picture of
that I actually drove by the first time
and it looked like a spray to me I went
there and got out of my car and walked
over to well it's not a spray
it's kind of built up uh
Dugout catch Bas for mostly R rain and
some overflow off the road the way the
road
angled it's angled that it's like on an
angle like this so everything
is and some of the water probably
already runs when it
really when it really comes down and
so I know May like it was built but like
you said not
completed and it when it overflows it
overflows down into the
swamp yeah it floods the ENT Lally the
entire permit it doesn't look like it by
ey you see it you see you know SE its
own level oh yeah so it's wet and then
it's into the spot from there well at
least it goes that way it does it
doesn't go
a long C next door
right and it was like almost like stag
too it's like stagnant it's kind of like
the rain probably fills it up a little
bit and then the sun dries it out so
it's kind of stagnant and it's
uh already BL a few times
and looks like whoever built it did a
pretty good job of doing what he wanted
to do which would be to contain water in
one little spot right there and then
when you can't hold anymore then it'll
flush down into the
SL I think it was an attempt to to
prevent siment washing from the load to
that point oh right because that wasn't
there
yeah all the slash B yeah
yeah punch
pool I'll make a motion to approve
application
24-3
second
all all
right all right yeah I'll talk to
tomorrow okay have a good night
thanks there's noal
business
NOK I'm online
here
oh hi how are you
iww
2404 Steve
Nelson 14 Lake View Drive installation
of
a 16t by 8T pre-fabricated aluminum and
composite do extending into
and any discussion on I'll make a motion
to approve the the permit
24-4 second
that was
quick thank you all very
much this is I'm curious this is a
little disturbing the notice of
violation over here 70 Pine Ridge
Drive uh cor uh there's erosion into the
brook and the placement fil in the up up
on review
area not in accordance who improved
permit so how did you find out wwc um we
were getting complaints the land owner
um next to him on the fill line and
U so I just I like down there yeah yeah
they basically
um have some pictures
so that scam in the back of all our
houses backed up so I was wondering if
like something else was going yeah it
doesn't really um because that was the
previous the there was like kind of two
stages though the big part was that
Wetlands Crossing it was approved in
2020 is that the the new house that was
yeah the one going back so he built the
wetlands crossing a couple years ago um
and now he's working on his house which
is all
area
[Music]
so so can I just ask I tried to go back
to find first that's one first 2036 and
I couldn't find it how how would I have
under um applications archive see I
looked there you got go back but I I did
and and that number is not there it's
yeah should be
I've been add I've been adding
to because then I was wondering if if
maybe it was moved somewhere else
because you were working on you know it
wasn't necessarily archived anymore it's
now something ending no still it's
should still be all right
yeah what was the number you were saying
it's 2036 202 two that's right here i'
like yeah and I did and then I went back
to saying maybe this was wrong and I was
just looking for the addage and I could
I never found it see yeah basically he
put you like stock a bunch of soil on on
his neighbor yeah her property he put a
multipar there was one big stock pile
that was was large and he had a good
Odin control around it so it wasn't
really Wetland wi was a huge problem but
then on the um that be the
that so
yeah southwestern part of the property
he dug a trench to kind of direct the
water away from all the rain we've been
having flooding the property over the
winter and stuff so doesn't Tren to kind
of
Rin off into the neighbor property and
then some of that sat ended up in broke
so that's where we came in
um and I put the notice in he's
been cooperating and did a bunch of work
to change it it's still not um there
still a little bit of Clean
Up near Brook
area yeah I'm just curious because I
mean I you know that Brook that goes all
the way down there
um it starts I'm 48 and so like my
neighbor you can see it running down the
hill from the back and then it comes
down but then it's it
sets just sits there for a while and if
we have a lot of rain all our backyards
get flooded yeah um that was that always
that way or is that since they put your
Dragway I mean I've only been there four
years okay so yeah you know I mean I've
noticed it more lately but I don't got a
lot more rain yeah you know I don't know
I know we had a what year when we
approved that and you know I gone down
there and look at it a couple of times
and it didn't look like it was yeah I
don't know it's I mean my neighbor and
myself have been trying to like um clear
like their s or whatever you know
because we think it's just if we clean
it out maybe it'll flow better and you
know so
we but I don't yeah like I just don't
understand like which way the water it
going this way or going this way you
know yeah it goes down towards his
proper and then it goes out and connects
to
the so this work with the trench is
past
yeah
so I mean just personally always care I
checked it after the last one
it was uh oh my God like what do these
do is that what you saying that yeah
that was file I had that
end why did his neighbor allow him to
put it on
their as I understand the labor doesn't
live locally no I think
she she figured out yeah I don't
[Music]
not I was just wondering how because I
mean can't stand from the road you know
I mean no you can go back and check but
honestly it was kind of cuz it was way
back there and it was like oh
you know going over there
probably I couldn't even find 70 like
went
well how much land is that
property it's a big piece is it I
thought it was like 138 yeah yeah lot
two which is his lot is
5.75 but most of it's well so that's why
his is squished all
against
really soop I mean you're pleased with
the cooperation
that immediately went to work he buil a
trench back in put the sil fence where
we wanted to block off the area that the
trench is falling toward there were D
trucks today going up and down the
street so I I knew something was going
on yeah I think they're putting the
septic in right now oh that yeah which
is on the other other side of the Hill
um yeah seated it um and then we've been
working with one of the sele he's
contact with land
owner so kind of figuring out what will
work best for
everybody how about the
actual Theo driveway in
the in the opening is that the water
still blowing through there freely yeah
I
mean yeah he's got that big um cast and
place call so ended up being pretty nice
size yeah I mean for residential yeah
and then so those stream beds intact and
it's kind of re reestablished it out
there to PL
goodan obiously change it a little bit
but it seems like it's
operating way it's it should it's not
cooling enough Bing behind
there which is why I was surprised when
you know you see if if the water in your
backyards is worse you know that was
certainly the big concern right it's
going the wrong way
to yeah yeah it was coming up should be
to see that at the Crossing like if it
was um preventing water from going
through you see the scouring kind of
like that one that they Public Works fix
where it would beat away front be
backing up and you'd have like pressure
flow through the middle it cause a lot
more erosion through that so you kind of
tell it wasn't like that so it wasn't
big that's what I'm like the pipe I was
a little concerned about of all the
debris and everything coming off the
hills we would think that that would get
cloged up right
there what did happen was it because of
terribly heavy storms that we have had
yeah CU he's got all that disturb soil
destruction and so just shs off of that
and he was trying to control it
better he got caught still with ra
land he was like trying he wasn't trying
to like pause he was trying to fix a
problem just kind
of
choose the best method to do it so um
because you know really concentrate flow
like
that s everything down to the stream so
what happened like this I me you gave
him a violation but he's working on it
so yeah go back and check yeah I gave
him the notice of violation which is
like the first it's kind of like the
easiest like it puts it on the record
you did this um and it was work under an
approved permit so I figur it was kind
of the way to go because then the next
step would be ceas assist do cooperate
do that and we would need him to come
for show cuse and then the next step
will be legal action the notice kind of
like giv you an extra step the
proc I like to use
that
okay
excellent oh other business um chairman
discussion my my one year U chairmanship
ends next
month I was wondering if anybody was
interested
in the chairman
position I know Jan's not I know Jed's
not so that means
you
yeah
we but um I want you to know that if
you're not ready to go I'll St do it for
another year I think you're doing great
job I'd rather see somebody like you
know like you be with the little skills
computer skills or what take it take it
over you know you can actually you know
do more than what I do basically what
you see here is it I don't try to do too
much because I don't be back not very
handy with the computer and maybe maybe
I mean that would that I mean that's how
I felt I didn't wanted to chair but I
mean you know VI sh at least I learned
from I felt more
comfortable it's up to you certainly I
only did it because there was no M yeah
I mean I'll be you okay kind of figure
out how to do
it mostly the person you
know youever because I I you know when
it comes to certain things there's some
things that have to be done that I just
don't I'm not really qualif yeah it's
small amount of computer stuff but it's
something that has to be done
like I can't even remember what they are
because but uh I mean at the beginning
that's right I helped with the the
computer stuff that he wasn't
comfortable and we kind of did that but
but it it runs itself yeah does yeah
what you see here is it really mostly
except um what is it there was a whole
like we have a budget which is you know
that was all you know I don't know
anything about what to do with that I
mean yeah I think the big thing budget
and then
the I think George did ear last year but
I don't know we just kind of it was done
by you remember George doing it somewh
early he knew would'
be was the um the people I had to fill
in who who was who that was the only
thing George had finished everything out
yeah sure so how do we change that well
that be next
meeting it might not be next
month yeah supposed to be the
July do
that or I was going to say the next
meeting whatever new business yeah do
that position from chair Vice chair to
commissioner vice versa and then just
and then like I said there are a couple
of
things that are
just like uh the annual report I don't
know
that like a list basically take the last
year make you
know you work that
$100 supp
it was really just the
name fig
one okay all right so we'll plan on that
uh
our next meeting is July 1 there was a
one one other thing I wanted to um Ed
Smith told that he accepted a job in
North Carolina oh
so it's not permanent it might be I
guess C counselor thing or something so
he's like so you might want to remove me
I guess he's not joining reti yeah I
guess
was one so he he had suggested taking
him off of the mission now get back on
it later but if he's not even here make
sense for him to
be
Brendon
br br
br br I didn't hear anything from this I
was say we haven't seen for a couple
months right I know last month he got
switched to
like a later shift so he could he was
working during the meeting I don't know
he get assume he has he's still on that
sh but I know probably seem like
rather I guess it's a
[Music]
work we probably should try to get some
more another alter yeah you know
anybody
put you get
lot meeting is July
1st are we ready to adjourn make a
motion toour
favor
I he just wants to get
out I didn't know if it would be warm or
cold
here right I think same thing
they don't think it would be ready for
July